# Doors of Perception
## Roblox Game  > Doors Of Perception
This is the source code for the game Doors of Perception
https://www.roblox.com/games/9275620047/Doors-of-Perception

## Game Back Story

This is a world called Ragumi where a pair of teleportation capsules were created. These capsules allowed teleportation only between each other and were in the process of being studied for all the benifits they could bring to this world, They were then stolen by a greedy evil entity, named Glukt, who had several scientists advance this technology to where the pods are now replaced by doors in which only the threshold needed to be crossed to activate the teleporting. These door pairs were also separtated so that each door has a fixed destination, and only Glukt and a few top engineers know the door positions and their destinations. This world has been silently manipulated and the resources exploited by the Glukt so much that it has fractured into multiple areas of greater or lesser gravity, and wild phenomemna never seen or experienced before. 
Ragumi is looking for help. 
If you accept this challenge and decide to help this world out, you will be asked to do some hard mental tasks along with some quick actions. You will need to find Glukt and stop his operations, shutting down the machine that is fracturing the world. There have been rumors that he and his organization live on a floating station that is only accessible by one master door. This master door can go to any requested location and can proide a door guide, which is a map to all the doors and where they go. Some doors require keys to open, so you will need to find those keys. This is going to be hard as no one has ever seen Glukt before and there have been reports that its an AI made up of several consiousnesses. We have been able to locate an area where the doors are being tested and we can trasnsport you directly there. We will know you have accomplished your goal when the gravity has returned to what it once was.  